c:\users\manuel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SqlLogMiner\SqlLogMiner\bin\Debug\SqlLogMiner.exe.config
c:\users\manuel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SqlLogMiner\SqlLogMiner\bin\Debug\SqlLogMiner.exe
c:\users\manuel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SqlLogMiner\SqlLogMiner\bin\Debug\SqlLogMiner.pdb
c:\users\manuel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SqlLogMiner\SqlLogMiner\obj\Debug\SqlLogMiner.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\manuel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SqlLogMiner\SqlLogMiner\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\manuel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SqlLogMiner\SqlLogMiner\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\manuel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SqlLogMiner\SqlLogMiner\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\manuel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SqlLogMiner\SqlLogMiner\obj\Debug\SqlLogMiner_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\manuel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SqlLogMiner\SqlLogMiner\obj\Debug\SqlLogMiner.g.resources
c:\users\manuel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SqlLogMiner\SqlLogMiner\obj\Debug\SqlLogMiner.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\manuel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SqlLogMiner\SqlLogMiner\obj\Debug\SqlLogMiner.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\manuel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SqlLogMiner\SqlLogMiner\obj\Debug\SqlLogMiner.exe
c:\users\manuel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SqlLogMiner\SqlLogMiner\obj\Debug\SqlLogMiner.pdb
c:\users\manuel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SqlLogMiner\SqlLogMiner\bin\Debug\Fluent.dll
c:\users\manuel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SqlLogMiner\SqlLogMiner\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
c:\users\manuel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SqlLogMiner\SqlLogMiner\bin\Debug\Fluent.pdb
c:\users\manuel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SqlLogMiner\SqlLogMiner\bin\Debug\Fluent.xml
C:\Users\manuel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SqlLogMiner\SqlLogMiner\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Windows.Shell.dll
C:\Users\manuel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SqlLogMiner\SqlLogMiner\bin\Debug\RibbonControlsLibrary.dll
C:\Users\manuel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SqlLogMiner\SqlLogMiner\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Windows.Shell.pdb
C:\Users\manuel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SqlLogMiner\SqlLogMiner\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Windows.Shell.xml
C:\Users\manuel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SqlLogMiner\SqlLogMiner\bin\Debug\RibbonControlsLibrary.pdb
C:\Users\manuel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SqlLogMiner\SqlLogMiner\bin\Debug\RibbonControlsLibrary.xml
C:\Users\manuel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SqlLogMiner\SqlLogMiner\obj\Debug\Views\NewConnection\ConnectDatabase.baml
C:\Users\manuel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SqlLogMiner\SqlLogMiner\obj\Debug\Views\NewConnection\ConnectDatabase.g.cs
C:\Users\manuel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SqlLogMiner\SqlLogMiner\obj\Debug\Views\NewConnection\LogSelection.baml
C:\Users\manuel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SqlLogMiner\SqlLogMiner\obj\Debug\Views\NewConnection\LogSelection.g.cs
C:\Users\manuel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SqlLogMiner\SqlLogMiner\obj\Debug\Views\NewConnection\FilterSetup.baml
C:\Users\manuel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SqlLogMiner\SqlLogMiner\obj\Debug\Views\NewConnection\FilterSetup.g.cs
